Task 1
Inspect the test file provided, which is called shark-data.txt. This is a delimited text file which contains data about different types of sharks. Each new line represents a single shark species with seven fields delimited by the colon character. The seven fields represent different information about the shark in the following order:-
	o Common name
	o Latin name (by genus and species)
	o Maximum length in centimetres that the shark can grow to
	o Maximum depth the shark type can swim in metres
	o The maximum number of young a female shark of that species would have in their lifetime
	o A global presence indicator which is an integer between 1 and 10 to reflect how widespread that shark species can roam
	o A list of oceanic regions that the shark species has been observed, with each region delimited by the comma character

Write a Java program (as a NetBeans project) that opens up the data file, parses the shark data, and prints the following information to the console:
	a) The three largest sharks by length, ordered by the largest first. Print the common name of each shark on a newline along with the maximum length in centimetres.
	b) The three smallest sharks by length, ordered by the smallest first. Print the common name of each shark on a newline along with the maximum length in centimetres.
	c) The total number of letters (not including whitespace characters) of all the Latin names for all sharks in the data file. Duplicate letters must be counted.
	d) The total number of unique words contained within all of the Latin names for all sharks in the data file that have an even number of letters.
	e) The total number of unique words contained within all of the Latin names for all sharks in the data file that have an odd number of letters.

On compiling and running, your program should have output similar to the following:
--- Three largest sharks ---
Shark A, Length = a centimetres
Shark B, Length = b centimetres
Shark C, Length = c centimetres
3
--- Three smallest sharks ---
Shark X, Length = x centimetres
Shark Y, Length = y centimetres
Shark Z, Length = z centimetres
--------------------------
Total number of letters in all Latin names = P
Total number of unique even words in Latin names = Q
Total number of unique odd words in Latin names = R

Where the values ‘Shark A’ through ‘Shark C’ and ‘Shark X’ through ‘Shark Z’ are replaced with the relevant shark common names, and the values a through c and x though z are replaced with their respective maximum lengths, and the values P, Q and R replaced with the respective letter and word counts.

In addition to the console output, your program should also save all of the output to parts (a) through (e) above to a text file in the NetBeans project root folder. Call the file results.txt.